OS
The os module for node allows the programmer to interact with the computers operating system. 
The module gives access to functions that give information such as how much free memory there is, what the
home directory of the computer is, and much more useful information. For example, a programmer is coding an 
app that will run on both linux and windows.  The end of line (EOL) marker is different on each system. The 
os module allows the programmer to call os.EOL which returns the proper EOL for the operating system. 

Buffer
The buffer module for node allows the programmer to store binary data, data that is stored as 1s and 0s,  
faster and more effiecent then standard data types in JavaScript.  A buffer acts as an array with the 
difference of not being able to resize the buffer on the fly. Buffers have all the nessacery methods
for use. One use case for a buffer is when you are reading large amount of data from a binary stream.
The stream can only store so much data but there is more data to come, the stream will create a buffer
to store the data that is overflowing from the stream. 

Stream
The stream module for node allows the programmer to read and write data, and deal with end to end communications.
There are 4 different types of stream in the node module, writable, readable, duplex (both read and write), and 
transform (modifies the data as it is read or written). Streams are really good at dealing with large amount of data 
being written or read. This is due to the fact that streams are memory effiecent and time effiecent. This is done by 
instantly processing the data as it reads it, rather then waiting for entire data set to first be read and through 
the use of buffers to store excess data that isnt ready to be processed. An example of streams in JavaScript is 
the response and the request of a promise, the request is a readable stream, and the response is a writable stream.

File System
The file system module for node allows the programmer to create, read, write/append, and delete files.
The file system allows for a program to systamaticly read and write files as the program needs. The file
system uses streams to read and write files, so the process is quick and memory effiecent. An example of 
the use of file system is making an error log. When you are writing a program and need a way to see all 
the errors when the program is ran. File system can be used with streams to make a file that will store 
all the error that were thrown.  
